adding Manage section and articles to docs (#558)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/concepts-management/manage-users/index.md

- Login as user: You can access your marketplace as the user in question with limited rights. You can edit information in their profile and listings.
- Ban user: You can deny the user access to their account. After getting banned, they can no longer make a new account using the same email. You can take this action if a user has not followed your terms of use, for example. 
- Delete user: This action permanently deletes the user and their data from your marketplace. This action cannot be reversed.
- Verify email: If a user cannot verify their email themselves, you can verify it manually for them. 

![Admin actions](./admin-actions.png)

**The right side of the user card** includes an Overview section with default information about the user: Bio (also known as description), Name, Email, Stripe ID and User ID. These fields cannot be edited or deleted, but the content of the bio, name, and email, can be modified directly through Console. You cannot make changes to the Stripe ID, which depends on the information provided by Stripe when the user connects their bank account details to their profile, and the User ID, which is a unique identifier within the Flex database. 

> Below the overview, you have separate sections for each type of extended data. Extended data is a Flex feature that allows you to customize and collect user, listing, and transaction data specific to your marketplace. You can read [an introduction to extended data](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/operator-guides/extended-data-introduction/) to learn more. All extended data can be edited directly through Console. You can change existing field values or even add new extended data fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the overview, you have separate sections for each type of extended data. Extended data is a Flex feature that allows you to customize and collect user, listing, and transaction data specific to your marketplace. You can read [an introduction to extended data](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/concepts/extended-data-introduction/) to learn more. All extended data can be edited directly through Console. You can change existing field values or even add new extended data fields.
```

> At the bottom of the user card, you have the Events section. It contains a Flex CLI command that you can use to view all the events related to this user. Read more about [viewing events with Flex CLI](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/flex-cli/view-events-with-flex-cli/) or visit the [Events reference in our Docs site](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/references/events/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the bottom of the user card, you have the Events section. It contains a Flex CLI command that you can use to view all the events related to this user. Read more about [viewing events with Flex CLI](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/how-to/view-events-with-flex-cli/) or visit the [Events reference in our Docs site](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/references/events/). 
```
